Anger Satan
It's the most regrettable decision you've ever made in your life
This is a Western deity
Lord of Demons Satan
Now do you know why he bowed down?
It is because of the existence of Lord Satan
No one can match the middle and lower
Cut the crap
Deal with it quickly
Western bastards dare to clamor in front of real dragons
During this time, I left the Great Wall of Sword Qi
I don't care about you Western dogs
How dare you step into the forbidden area
Don't you know that life is forbidden in the middle and lower forbidden areas?
How do you know about the Wall of Spies?
Who are you?
I am the Guardian
The man who suppressed the foreign gods
Who do you say I am?